                                                            "ReadMeDDHK"Before Intro:First, please use the Monitors control panel to switch the color depthof your display to at least "Thousands" of colors.  Otherwise, thedepth of focus effect may not have enough colors to work.  Copying theDDHK file to your hard drive is highly recommended for increasedperformance.  Printing this document out before launching the programis also recommended, so it can be referred to during the demonstration.Introduction:The most simple definition of Drei Dimensionale Hyper Karte (DDHK) is alinking tool with its own environment.  It basically links any file ---text, PICT, QuickTime movie and so on --- and displays it in certainmanner.  The user can create reference points in their files andconnect to specific points in other files.  File contents may also bedirectly edited, bypassing application programs like Photoshop, BBEditand so forth.  This application is very efficient and may be used fororganizing related information in a huge web-like structure.Warning:This is only a Beta version.  It is very important that you follow theinstructions written here EXACTLY.  The demo will not do anything otherthan instructed here.  Also, the system reacts very slowly.  Make suretransition animations are done before you click on anything.  Give thesystem enough time to update itself.  It still contains some bugs. These come from the bugs of Macromind Director.  I apologize about thisinconvenience.To Start Up:Double click either icon of DDHK (DDHK.§.PowerPC or DDHK.§.680X0).  Oncestarted, several different text fields are displayed.  Each field is anactual file on the hard drive of the Macintosh.Some words are highlighted in purple; these have a reference (pointer)to somewhere else.  The application automatically tries to gatherinformation.  Unfocused text fields in the background corresponds tothe purple words.  If the mouse pointer is moved over such a word, itwill bring the text field that is referred to into focus.To move to a different text field, click on the word.  Bring your mouseover the word "Topic".  Wait until its field is focused.  Then, clickon the word "Topic".  There is a bug here.  The word disappears whenthe text field comes into focus.After clicking on the word "Topic", you will hear a confirmation soundand the text field of "Topic" will be aligned to the center of thedisplay. Now you can read the text field of "Topic".  You can bringyour mouse pointer over the purple highlighted words again.  You willnotice that the word "isolation tank" has a lost link.  We will dealwith this later.For right now, let's see how you can edit text here.  Press the optionkey.  This will bring up a menu on the right-hand side.  Move the mouseover the menus; the menu will react according to the mouse movement.When you bring your pointer to "Application Link", you will see the listof examples for the choice of applications.  Bring your pointer to themenu "Element Edit" and click on it.  In this particular example, weare bypassing BBEdit and editing the "Topic" text field from withinDDHK.  Click on the close button on the left corner of the editingwindow.Let's find the lost reference for the highlighted word "isolation tank."Click on the word "isolation tank".  It will bring up the menu again. Click on "Karte Link" menu item; its sub-menu will be stabilized.  Thenmove to the "New Karte" sub-menu item, and click on it.You will see a dialog box.  Find a file called "IsolationTank.mme". Double click on it.  You have now linked the file "IsolationTank.mme"into the main file.You will notice the screen is a bit different.  At the bottom right, youwill see a corner of stylized arrows.  This happened because thecontents of this file is larger than the display.  Click on the corner;it will bring you to the next page.  When you come to next screen, youwill see the same arrow in opposite direction on upper left corner.Click on it to go back.  On the second page, a bug prevents the userfrom advancing to any further pages (that is, the next-page arrows onthe second page do not respond to any mouse clicks).Return to the first screen of the "IsolationTank.mme" file.  Click onthe small icon near the upper right of the window, towards the center,which says: "QTmov".  Click on it.  This demonstrates how theapplication would link anything; in this case, QuickTime movies.  Whenyou are done with viewing the movie, click on the close box on theupper left of the window, and you will be returned to the"IsolationTank.mme" file.To quit, press the option key.  When the menu appears, go to Special andclick on it to stabilize the sub-menu.  After hearing a confirmationsound, click on "Quit Drei Dimensionale Hyper Karte".  I hope your tripwas pleasant.Makoto SadahiroApril 5th 96.